contributing: Add more human responsibility in AI use (#7120)
OSGeo/grass: AGENTS.md

Instructions for AI assistants and agents working with code in this
repository.

After writing or modifying code, self-review it before presenting it.
Review as a human PR reviewer would: Is the reasoning behind each line
sound? Is this line actually needed? Where did this code come from? Will

> this be hard to maintain? What if this needed to change later? Code,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this be hard to maintain? What if this will need to be changed later? Code,
```

comments, and commit messages should anticipate these questions — not by
adding explanatory fluff, but by making the code itself clear and
well-reasoned. If a line cannot be justified, change or remove it rather

> than inventing a rationale for keeping it.

Reviewer 2: I've read that we should avoid negative examples, and direct instructions are better respected.  I assume it can mix up what to do. Here, there's a couple of "negative" that might be better to be direct? To try, as I don't really use these kinds of tools yet. I only myself did some kind of traditional machine learning/deep learning just before LLMs exploded, so I see the (mathematical) reasoning in terms of RNN and _attention_.
